very good to all the kids today
I will bring a different video I will
bring a special video and it's a video of
gratitude
first I will tell you that what is
living in depth what you are seeing from
background is thus a bétera gameplay that
I was with my girlfriend and it's been quite
weather
and good a video that went wrong
audio that are our voices and then
it can be and leave it for another
At the moment, she is not someone you see there
of blue with rabbit ears and
I think this is the best opportunity to
use what it is to thank you for
I have reached 100 subscribers I do not know what
there are not many of you many of you
you create the pp that you have hundreds and thousands
and hundreds of thousands too but good
for me it's a record it 's something that never
has got on my channel that has already
enough time but recently
I started commenting on the videos and also
it's a something that fills me because I
I do know that 100 people
they support me that of my videos that
they comment from time to time and that they
I like what I sell and if you do not like it
they let me know why so what
better is that is what matters most to me
Really
and I do not know much more to say simply
thank you all for that for the support
thank you for your comments
I like you as I said before
and thanks especially to two hundred
people in particular the first of them
would be romelu geles because when he gave me
so the slump of on the video the minimum
enough to do it again and the other
kind of people would be mosquito since
many of you will know because they are
youtube already quite famous but it was your
channel
in a way it was his channel that made me
start
to comment on the videos, I did not see your channel
I liked it a lot and they were super
natural that were like I do not know how to have
a colleague next to you while you play and the
truth is that I find it quite curious
and I decided that I also wanted to have
something similar although it is not even far
so good commenting on the videos but
good and also because many times
when I have I like a lot of
you will surely have arrived
thanks to me I like him because he is
question of him putting me a like
and at least 56 subscribers in less
two minutes and nothing simply that of
to thank everyone especially
to them and tell you that I will keep going up
videos that I will try to make every time
better my computer unfortunately does not give
to make great assemblies why not
they are usually quite simple
and nothing that thanks for the support that the
that you continue supporting me and that every time
let's be more because if I can continue
improving the channel and a little more than
simply that I leave you with the one
employs that killing him with nothing and
nothing we'll see in the next video
thank you very much for everything and even the
next